what's up people this is jay muniz
bringing you a first look at ultimate
marvel vs capcom 3 machinima has
graciously asked me to do a bit of
preview coverage for you guys so i
thought i'd take this opportunity to
show you what to expect the next
iteration a lot of people were pretty
hurt that they were already releasing a
second rendition which admittedly i felt
this one but i thought i'd give you a
look at some of the changes they've made
with the system and let you decide
whether this was worth the second
release so here we are Ultimate Marvel
vs. Capcom 3 one of the biggest changes
you'll notice here is that they've
actually added new original artwork for
the interface everything looks a lot
leaner and it seems like they're trying
really hard to stick with the comic book
themed if you'll notice in the original
a lot of the the character portraits
were based off the 3d models whereas now
they've attached different pieces of
artwork for different profiles another
interesting aspect here is the revision
of the character bio I know this isn't
really a big deal to most of you guys
but from a fan service perspective I
think they did a great job with this
because now rather than putting in a
simple portrait they've actually
integrated the model viewer into the
profile so you don't have to switch
menus to see the different colors or to
get you know a closer look at your
characters it gives you the ability to
know what kind of palette swaps to
expect when choosing your character
another minor thing worth mentioning is
a few of the option changes as you can
see I've got a picture and picture going
they've given you the option to turn off
auto super jumping not really sure if
they plan for that to be a standard in
tournament play but it's kind of an
interesting thing to include if you
weren't aware of the original you can
swap between English Japanese or
original voices for all the Capcom
characters and new to this game is the
inclusion of a subtitles option which
allows you to actually read what people
are saying in decree and postgame
animations
the original stuck with a kind of comic
book themed you had to trade paperbacks
and that's basically where you laid out
your two teams of characters now this
new one normal welcome to the world of
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 the world's greatest
heroes are all here your glorious
victory it's interesting to me because
they've pretty much made it almost like
a card collector theme like if any of
you have ever collected Marvel cards
you'd be very familiar with this kind of
format you can choose your characters
and you could actually see what
alternate color you're selecting based
on the border outside of the card as
well another nice touch is that in the
background you'll notice what looks to
be comic book art is actually concept
art from the previous Marvel vs. Capcom
games which kind of gives it nod to the
series's long heritage but looking at
the screen like this really gives you a
sense of how big the character roster is
now even compared to before when I first
saw the character announcements I didn't
really think 12 extra characters was
that much but looking at it on this
screen with a grid of 50 characters to
choose from rosters pretty damn huge now
the map selection has also been doubled
now you've got twice as many stages to
play through they are alternate versions
of the previous ones but drastic enough
that you definitely feel like you're
playing in a difference a different zone
you're going to regret this in the
morning
small children
fight but as you've seen here basically
I've transitioned into six different
stages three stages and their alternate
counterparts and you can tell how
similarly they were designed try sell a
scarf and Metro City which as you can
see now is a days of the future past I
believe now I'll have to apologize off
the bat the gameplay I'll be straight on
I'll be honest with you guys the
gameplay isn't that great and that is
because I literally only had about him
45 minutes to really tweak around with
this game but honestly if you want to
look at gameplay tutorials and know how
these characters control you should
really be watching Maximilian series
because he does probably the best job
I've seen of explaining this stuff on me
too as far as the fighting screen
interface you'll notice now if you
haven't been following up on this stuff
already that there's a redesign of all
the bars your reserve characters are now
listed above below your main health bar
obviously notated with r1 and r2 which
takes a bit of getting used to but it's
not as hard to read as I initially
thought it would be as you can see the
giant koseki sign is pretty much your
x-factor gauge so it's a lot easier to
know when you have it available in
regards to all the fighting mechanics
it's not exactly the same game there
have definitely been tweaks to recovery
times and what can cancel into what and
to a certain degree you'll still be able
to play just like you used to but I feel
that I'm going I'm definitely going to
have to rediscover all the characters
that played in the past
Oh
based on what I have played so far I am
definitely looking forward to getting to
know dr. strange a bit better especially
because he's got that anti projectile
counter which will finally give me a
solution to keep away type characters in
theory I'll have to experiment with it
down the road and see what kind of moves
it will actually counter another cool
feature you'll notice is that they've
actually added quite a few character
specific lines of text both in the
victory screen and in the pre animation
which is a small feature that I
personally enjoy now scurry into the
woods little fuzzball one suit man
objection but anyways this has been a
first look at ultimate marvel vs capcom
look forward to a video or two from me
in the coming weeks i am sure i will
also cover online once the game goes
gold and you can expect plenty of
content from the rage quit hunter in
future but anyways this is jay muniz
thank you for watching and have a good
one but